#Major legends and themes
============================
Fury of a Mad God
============================
    In the beginning, there were four pillars in the void. One for the sight, to
see into past, present, and future. One for the for the gift of magic, the 
ability to master the wonders of the world. One for strength of will, the drive 
to create. And one for the heart, to grant the desires of others. These four 
pillars existed for time unending, until they decided to create the world. They
molded the seas and the land, the mountains and the valleys in which they people
of the world came to live. The humans were the first, made by the pillar of 
magic. When the other pillars saw what the first had done, they set out to 
create others in their own image. Second came the elves, sired by the pillar of
sight, then the orcs by the pillar of strength. 
    When the pillar of heart saw all that the others had made, she too tried to
make men. Her first creation was made in her own image and then placed into the 
world below. However, her creation only looked into their own hearts and driven
by greed and desire they waged war upon themselves. At the end, none remained 
and heart was beset by grief. Again and again the pillar created people, but 
again and again they destroyed themselves. In an attempt to understand what was
wrong she borrowed the form of her creation and walked the world. She had bid
her sisters to do the same so that they would understand their creations better,
and in doing so the pillars became the goddesses and walked the ground below. 
    It was then that races below saw their creators worshiped them. The people
built temples and shrines to their creators, preformed great deeds in their 
name, and sang praises to them. It was a great time of plenty, a time of joy,
but still the last sister could not create her people. 
    Too preoccupied with their own kingdoms, the other three did not sense their
sister's grief and jealousy. And in the dead of night, it happened. She crept in
and stole sight, magic, and strength from the others in order to create her own 
people. But children born of malice and envy are twisted and malformed in their
own way, and when the goddess saw what she had wrought, her mind broke. Her body
twisted and bent into an image of her own creation and she cried out to the 
heavens above to end her suffering.
    The moons above heeded her call, and they started to fall into the world. 
Weakened and crippled, the others did their best to protect their people. 
Strength, now weak, tore open the world so that there were caves, canyons, and 
gullies where her people could hide. Sight, now blind, called upon the beasts of 
the air and ground to lead her people to safety. Magic, now inept bid the plants 
of the earth to yield up their secrets so that her people could heal. 
    But it was not enough. The winds howled, the sea crashed upon the land, and 
the sky brought flames into the ground below. As the earth burned and charred, 
the sisters decided it was time to grant heart's wish. And so they gathered, 
upon the summit where heart was and they fought. Heart's madness had grown in 
the time that they were protecting their people and she no longer recognized her
sisters. Sight was first struck down by an a gale that could not be seen. 
Strength was then crushed by a bolder she could not lift. Magic was then burned
to cinders by flames she could no longer control. However, heart heard their 
cries and in a terrifying moment of clarity, she desired her own end and the sun
itself answered her call. Light from the heavens fell to the ground like rain,
incinerating all that it touched. The trees turned to ash, the seas vaporized, 
and the goddess were destroyed.

============================
The Sundering
============================
    
============================
Starfall
============================
    
============================
Soulkin
============================
    Once there was a man named Kythos who was beloved by the creatures of the 
earth. He cared and fed them as if they were his own kin, gave them homes if 
they were homeless, and healed them when they were injured. In return the birds
would tell him of the weather, the beasts would hunt for him, and the fish would
lead him to safety in open waters. When others would ask him of how he knew of
such things, he would lie and say "My eyes have shown me what will come to 
pass."
    One day his brother, whom he had grown apart from, came to visit. 
    "Brother," he cried "tell me, how do know such things? How do you know when
the skies bring rain, or when there are fruit to pick?"
    Kythos, unwilling to betray his secret replied "My eyes have shown me what
will come to pass."
    His brother was not convinced. "Then let me see through your eyes." he bid.
"Let me see the sky before it rains, and fruit grow before they are ripe."
    But he would not relent to his brother, so he sent him away. In the night,
his brother returned and stole his eyes. Days passed, and his brother still 
could not see the future he had sought, so attacked his brother. in his anger, 
he called upon the sea to surge into the land, the sky to bring fire down and 
mountains sunk into the earth. Because Kythos could not see, he called to the
birds of the sky, the beasts of the earth, and the fish of the sea to lead him
to his brother so that he could restore the balance. But they would not, for 
they loved him. They warned of his death, that his brother's fury was 
unimaginable, yet he would not relent. And so the creatures lead him to his 
brother, and they fought. They struggled for days, until his brother called upon
the air take the breath from Kythos' body. 
    As he lay dying, Kythos finally told his secret to his brother. His brother
realized that he had struck down his brother for nothing, and in his shock, the
wind took his breath too.

============================
Heart of the Earth
============================
    In days long gone, the earth was flat easy to work. The was plenty of food 
for those who wandered the earth then and people nary did work. There were
beasts of the earth welcomed the people of the land and walked along side them.
But the greatest of them all was the wolf of the north, who would guide people 
in the work that they did and the things they created.
    One day, a young women came to the great wolf and asked "Great wolf, how 
should I create dolls like others? For when I do, the dolls spring to life and
destroy each other."
    The great wolf thought carefully for an entire day and night and then 
replied "Give them a goal to strive for, so that they will work together and 
learn." With a great hurry, the young women returned home to craft more dolls, 
and she did as the great wolf bade.
    Indeed, the dolls worked together to build a palace for themselves, but when
the task was done, the dolls bickered about who should rule, and they struck one
another down. The young women then returned to the great wolf and asked "Great
wolf, I did as you instructed and indeed, the dolls worked together to build a
grand palace. But after they had finished, they turned upon each other, all 
desiring to rule over one another."
    The great wolf though carefully for an entire week, then gave this reply "
Give your dolls a piece of your hair, so that they will be like you, so that 
they can understand the sorrow of the doll maker." And so the young women went 
away again and took time carefully crafting new dolls so that they would be more
like her. 
    The new dolls were indeed more like here, and they listened to their creator
when she bade them to stop, but the moment she looked away, they returned to 
their own ways as they still desired dominion over one another. In the end they
destroyed themselves and the young women returned to the great wolf.
    "Great wolf," she started "I have done as you have bid, and still my dolls 
seek power. They still desire dominion over each other, while seeking my 
blessing. Tell me then great wolf, what should I do?"
    The great wolf thought about the subject matter deeply and it took an entire
month until the reply came. "They must have the conviction to resist their 
darkest desires. The strength of will to do what is right." And the young women
left.
    In the deep of night, a thief snuck into the great wolf's chambers and then
stole its strength. When the great wolf awoke, the doll maker was there and said
"Look! I have done as you have said and now, they have the strength to resist 
their desires. It is just as you have said."
    The great wolf then replied "Indeed they have, but in doing so, you have 
become as they, for you sought dominion over them by harming another, me." The
doll maker, enraged, then slew the great wolf on the spot. 
    This did not go unnoticed by the sky above and the land below. The land 
ripped and tore in rage and fires from the skies above came and burned the doll
maker. In the end, she had met the same fate as her puppets.
 