============================
#Factions *SPELL CHECK LATER
*Also write more later with 
*more detail and coherence
============================
#It's been a while since I wrote this down on paper, then lost the papers so 
#please bear with the choppiness for now. There's also a good bit of material to
#cover so hopefully it won't be too boring hah.....

*ROUGH DRAFT*
-Reinholt (Humans)
    From the bitter north to the warm and gracious southern farmlands, Reinholt is a
land of moderates. Food is plentiful due to the vast plains and farmlands in the
south. Every winter there are storms that cause the banks of the rivers to 
overflow, causing the plains to flood with a relatively thin layer of water, but
more importantly silt. As a result, the people in this region build their houses
and grain silos on solid foundations that resist the rising waters every winter.
North of these farmlands is a range of temperate forests, filled with hearty 
maples, oaks, and wild walnut trees. As a result, the land here is perfect for 
the many orchards that dot this area. With the addition of fruit in this region
comes the many apiaries and breweries that also found in this country. Next is 
the region of highlands that serve as additional farmlands. Since there is no 
seasonal flooding in this area, the highlands serve as grazing grounds for the 
cattle in the area. Lastly there are the pine forests to the mountains in the 
north. Typically this region is ignored as it is on the border of Etterd, their
Orcish neighbors. The winters here are harsher, and the soil rocky. The only 
purpose this region servers is as a source of metals for the other cities to the
south.
    The people of region may have different styles of dress and different 
traditions, but generally they have the same religious beliefs. Their faith is
almost akin to that of a polytheistic church, but structured. They believe in 
the three sisters of creation, the ones who defended the people from a false god
of madness. First there is Lithie who represents the concept of truth and 
foresight. Crows and ravens are her symbol and the people who follow her 
typically have clothing with black feathers either emblazoned on or actual black
feathers. Second there is Nekene who represents the willingness to serve as well
as the aspect of magic. Her symbol is that of a black flame and the legends 
state that as her signature spell, the fires of the void, would actually take in
all light, leaving their enemies blind and help less. Thirdly there is Khylessia
who represents protection and strength. The wolf is her symbol and this is 
usually demonstrated by fangs or claw on clothing. Again, the symbols within 
this nation typically are black, but then are highlighted in silver, icy 
blues and whites.
    Because of the wide range of temperatures in the region, there is a wide
variety of clothing in the nation. The people in the north dress with more furs
as typically, the winters make it a necessity. The southerners have more cloth
and boots that can resist the heavy rains that come about the winters. Since the
summers are generally mild, there are a good array of short sleeves, although
there have records of relatively cold summers as well, which necessitate the 
constant use of longer sleeves and pants within the region.

-Sycurose (Elves)
Sycurose is a land of extreme turbulence when speaking of the weather and as 
such, the people here have developed ways to mitigate disaster by simply not 
being in a disaster zone when it occurs. The north is a dry and rocky desert 
that extended out of the ash wastes. Since there is more sand than ash here, 
there are more signs of life around the small oases that dot the area. The 
people living in these oasis towns are migrant desert hunters that search for 
the large lizards in the area for their skins. As you continue south, the ground
gets harder and rocker, though no less dry. There are still a oases within the 
zone, but there are now rivers, allowing for small farms in the area. Then the
altitudes climb and the rocky earth gives way to higher plateaus of steppe land.
Here, the majority of the population lives as farmers, and migrant cattle 
herders, moving from different steppes every few years to give the land rest.
Still, the land climbs onward after that and the steppes give way to a dense
sub tropical rainforest. It does not rain as often as the name implies, but 
rather, draws a good chunk of rain from the moisture in the clouds. There is no 
chance of snow here, but the winters become cold in the cloud canopy. When 
winter arrives, the rain forest soaks up a good chunk of the rain, with the 
steppes next and a the few remaining clouds in the rocky desert. After the rain
forest in the high mountains comes the coastal plains which are rich in wildlife
and black soil. The only issue is that every winter, there are massive storms 
that blot out the sun and tear up the land with hurricane force gales and 
indiscriminate flooding. As a result, there are fewer people here, and those 
who continue to live here go to low lands in spring, plant fast growing crops
then return to the high mountains by mid fall. Lastly the coast off the shore of
the coastal plains are littered with islands both large and small. The only 
issue is that the currents there are treacherous meaning that few, if any 
actually live there. They are all mountainous and difficult to scale, and dense
with forests.
    The people here look to the creatures of this land to help them 
understand the cycles of the seasons, and as a result they are animists. Often 
they carry a totem of an animal that has helped them survive in the past 
sometimes more. These trinkets are usually small and hang of their clothing, but
there are others who tattoo the symbols into their hands as a constant reminder
of the different animal spirits that watch over them and warn them of the 
impending dooms that come when they ignore the warnings. Many of them also see 
the value of wandering together to survive the changes, so there are many 
different totems in a migrant group. Only the do the most foolish wander alone,
or those who can withstand the changes of the season.
    Again, as the the regions change, so do the people. Nearly every people 
group in this area are migratory, which means they have learned to travel light,
and it shows in their clothing. It also helps with the hot and humid weather to 
south as well. The people with in the deserts do not have as many issues with 
humidity, so can dress in heavier clothing which is generally well ventilated to
allow the heat to escape. However, those who live in the high mountains and the
coast deal with oppressive humidity and keep their cloths light, since they 
never know when the next gales will strike. They are experts at running for 
cover and avoiding the next disaster, so they also carry very few belongings 
with them. Lastly are the steppe dwellers. Typically they deal with a dry heat
during the summer seasons, with the other seasons being more mild, and as such
they have a vast array of light leathers to help with mobility on foot and 
horseback. 

-Etterd (Orcs)
    Here the land is the harshest and bitterest. The southern borders the lands of
Reinholt and the bogs of the free cities, but from here on out the land takes a 
turn for most extreme. The pine forests continue from here on out, rising with 
the elevation. Eventually they continue into massive snowy spires that have 
massive glaciers and ice caps. To the south east of this mountain range is where
a frozen tundra exists. More like a frozen bog, the tundra is the best place to 
farm, but the short springs and summers mean that the people must use 
greenhouses everyday of the year to avoid crop failure. Their green houses are
made of a single wall of dense peat and dirt, then an arch of glass fired from 
the rubble from the iron mines inn the mountains. Since the forests are dense 
and continue until the glaciers, the people here focus a great deal on hunting 
and trapping for furs and food. Game is quite common here as there are few 
natural preadetors that threaten the bounty of deer and other wildlife here. The
glaciers themselves also have a few villages inside the massive ice tunnels. 
Though spring causes some of the glacier to melt, the water usually runs in well
established tunnels that catch the water and avoid the hidden villages. 
    Orcs are tied to the land which they live on and are said to hear the voice 
of the earth. They have an instinct that allows then to find life in the most
barren of tundra and ice in any situation. As a result of this adaptation, they
have a annual hunt on the winter solstice to measure the efficacy of their 
hunters. This celebration is also a acknowledgement to the spirit of the hunt 
and to the spirit of survival, which are generally represented manifestations of
the land. Although they have some cattle, they rely on the hunt for protein and
clothing. They have clan symbols which represent the region from where they were
originally from, and generally it consists of the most significant landmark in 
that area.
    Clothing in this area is fairly similar, with a few differences. Because of
the tribal nature of the people in this region, there are a few set of rules 
that everyone follows to maintain a unified sense of a nation. Firstly every orc
wears a mask that covers their mouth in public, since baring your teeth is 
considered to be rude and threatening. Secondly, everyone wears a tribe 
identifier so that they can defend against the tribeless, those who where cast
out for violating a law in the region. The forest dwellers usually have clothing
made from furs, not leather, as they believe that fur will better hide them from
their prey. The farmers in the tundra where a white leather and generally have
bracelets and other trinkets made of stones in the tundra. The glacier dwellers
have a mixture of furs and leathers, but also have pieces of their clothing 
woven from the fibers of the pines in the area, as it helps them scale the sides 
of the glaciers of which they have made their home.

-Free Cities
The central point where the three landmasses meet. Fair and temperate, the land
initally seems ideal for settling. However, the wetlands turn to acidic bogs 
which all eventually lead to the barrens. Usually the free cities have a few
settlements made up of outlaws from the mix of the three regions. 

-Barrens
At the very center of the free cities is a region which the people call the 
barrens. The ground is ash, the air toxic, and the water blood red with iron and
aresnic. Further in the ash wastes are a ring of spires, resembling the spine of
the world, if it were made of glass and dross. The snow that appears here melts 
in the spring, running down these spires, picking up rust and other toxins. The
high winds chip and fragment the glass, causing the winds here to lacerate 
anyone unprepared. If people acutally manage to scale the glass spires, they 
would be greeted with a site of absolute desolation. In the array of glass 
spires is a blood red sea, slowly draining away in several locations.

